feat: Hash based id (#1440)
lingui/js-lingui: website/docs/tutorials/react-patterns.md

You don't need anything special to use [`Trans`](/docs/ref/macro.md#trans) inside your app (except of wrapping the root component in [`I18nProvider`](/docs/ref/react.md#i18nprovider)).

> ## Choosing between Generated and Explicit ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Choosing between generated and explicit ID
```

> The both approaches has they pros and cons. We recommend using generated ids as it scales and gives better developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both approaches have their pros and cons. We recommend using generated IDs as it scales and gives better developer experience.
```

### Using ID generated from message

#### With [`Trans`](/docs/ref/macro.md#trans)

> In the examples above, the content of [`Trans`](/docs/ref/macro.md#trans) is transformed into message in MessageFormat syntax. By default, this message is used for generating ID. Considering the example above, catalog would be fulfilled by these entries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example code above, the content of [`Trans`](/docs/ref/macro.md#trans) is transformed into message in MessageFormat syntax. By default, this message is used for generating ID. Considering the example above, catalog would be fulfilled by these entries:
```

}
```

#### Providing a context for a message
The same text elements with different context are extracted with different IDs. For example, if the word "right" uses the following two definitions in two different locations, the word is translated differently and merged back into the application as different translation entries.

- correct as in "you are right"
- direction as in "turn right"

If the same text elements meet the following conditions, the text elements are extracted only once and use the same ID.

```jsx
import { Trans } from "@lingui/macro";
<Trans context="direction">right</Trans>;
<Trans context="correctness">right</Trans>;

> // ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```

}
```

:::tip
It's a good practice to set explicit IDs for phrases to make it easier to identify phrases out of context and to track where they're used. IDs usually follow a naming scheme that includes *where* the phrase is used.
:::

> 

Reviewer: Why have you removed this section?

Reviewer 2: moved this to the section above
